CIS 411 Lab reportTyler CollinsStep 1Fork URL: https://github.com/tc1240/cis411_lab0 *See image step1.1*My fork is the same as tangollama’s but from then on is not connected to tangollama’s branch and is completely its own.Step 2GraphQL mutation response:{  "data": {    "mutateAccount": {      "id": "31a2ab10-218e-4eaf-b5de-5282f108b162",      "name": "Tyler Collins",      "email": "tc1240@messiah.edu"    }  }}Step 3*See image step3.1*The feature branch has all the same things as the master but the feature has deviated by adding changes and is now different and will need to be merged back into the master branch.*See image step3.2*Step 4•	What is circleci/config.yml doing?It is configuring circleci to allow for creation of jobs and in general it is configuring the plugin so it can run.•	What do the various sections on the config file do?The entire thing is underneath a job section which encompasses everything that is done. Then a build is run containing the docker with prior dependencies, the working directory of git, and more steps. These steps include checking out, restoring and saving the cache, updating dependencies with yarn, and running unit tests.•	When a CI build is successful, what does that philosophically and practically/precisely indicate about the build?That it is up to date, has all dependencies, and passed all its tests. Philosophically I’d say it is in a state of inner success ??•	If you were to take the next step and ready this project for Continuous Delivery, what additional changes might you make in this configuration (conceptual, not code)?I would definitely add tests and whatever dependencies I would need, but aside from that I wouldn’t add anything.Step 5 *See image step5.1* *See image step5.2*